Revamp Mix & OTP guides (#14637)
elixir-lang/elixir: lib/elixir/pages/mix-and-otp/task-and-gen-tcp.md

```elixir
  def start(_type, _args) do
    children = [
      {Registry, name: KV, keys: :unique},
      {DynamicSupervisor, name: KV.BucketSupervisor, strategy: :one_for_one},
      {Task.Supervisor, name: KV.ServerSupervisor},
      {Task, fn -> KV.Server.accept(4040) end}
    ]

    Supervisor.start_link(children, strategy: :one_for_one)
  end
```

We'll now start a `Task.Supervisor` process with name `KV.TaskSupervisor`. Keep in mind that the order children are started matters. For example, the acceptor must come last because, if it comes first, it means our application can start accepting requests before the `Task.Supervisor` is running or before we can locate buckets. Shutting down an application will also stop the children in reverse order, guaranteeing a clean termination.

Now we need to change `loop_acceptor/1` to use `Task.Supervisor` to serve each request:

```elixir
defp loop_acceptor(socket) do
  {:ok, client} = :gen_tcp.accept(socket)
  {:ok, pid} = Task.Supervisor.start_child(KV.BucketSupervisor, fn -> serve(client) end)
  :ok = :gen_tcp.controlling_process(client, pid)
  loop_acceptor(socket)
end
```

> Start a new server with `iex -S mix` and we can now open up many concurrent telnet clients. You will also notice that quitting a client does not bring the acceptor down, even though we haven't fixed the bug in `:gen_tcp.recv/2` yet (we will do so in the next chapter). Excellent!

Author: ```suggestion
You might notice that we added a line, `:ok = :gen_tcp.controlling_process(client, pid)`. This makes the child process the "controlling process" of the `client` socket. If we didn't do this, the acceptor would bring down all the clients if it crashed because sockets would be tied to the process that accepted them (which is the default behavior).

Now start a new server with `iex -S mix` and try to open up many concurrent telnet clients. You will notice that quitting a client does not bring the acceptor down, even though we haven't fixed the bug in `:gen_tcp.recv/2` yet (which we will address in the next chapter). Excellent!
```

```elixir
iex> children = [{KV.Bucket, name: :shopping}]
iex> Supervisor.start_link(children, strategy: :one_for_one)
iex> KV.Bucket.put(:shopping, "milk", 1)
iex> pid = Process.whereis(:shopping)
#PID<0.48.0>
iex> Process.exit(pid, :kill)
true
iex> Process.whereis(:shopping)
#PID<0.50.0>
```

What exactly happens when a process terminates is part of its child specification. For `KV.Bucket`, we have this:

```elixir
iex> KV.Bucket.child_spec([])
%{id: KV.Bucket, start: {KV.Bucket, :start_link, [[]]}}
```

However, for tasks, we have this:

```elixir
iex> Task.child_spec(fn -> :ok end)
%{
  id: Task,
  restart: :temporary,
  start: {Task, :start_link, [#Function<43.39164016/0 in :erl_eval.expr/6>]}
}
```

Notice that a task says `:restart` is `:temporary`. `KV.Bucket` says nothing, which means it defaults to `:permanent`. `:temporary` means that a process is never restarted, regardless of why it crashed. `:permanent` means a process is always restarted, regardless of the exit reason. There is also `:transient`, which means it won't be restarted as long as it terminates successfully.

Now we must ask ourselves, are those the correct settings?

> For `KV.Bucket`, we could argue that any value works. After all, if a bucket crashes, `KV.locate/1` already has logic for starting a new one in its place dynamically. However, for tasks, we have used them in two opposing ways in this chapter, which means at least one of them is wrong.

Author: ```suggestion
For `KV.Bucket`, using `:permanent` seem logical, as should not request the user to recreate a bucket they have previous created. Although currently we would lose the bucket data, in actual system we would add mechanisms to recover it on initialization. However, for tasks, we have used them in two opposing ways in this chapter, which means at least one of them is wrong.
```

> We use a task to start the acceptor. The acceptor is a critical component of our infrastructure. If it crashes, it means we won't accept further requests, and our server would them be useless if no one can connect to it. On the other hand, we also use `Task.Supervisor` to start tasks that deal with each connection. In this case, restarting may not be useful at all, given the reason we crashed could just as well be a connection issue, and attempting to restart over the same connection would lead to further failures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use a task to start the acceptor. The acceptor is a critical component of our infrastructure. If it crashes, it means we won't accept further requests, and our server would then be useless as no one can connect to it. On the other hand, we also use `Task.Supervisor` to start tasks that deal with each connection. In this case, restarting may not be useful at all, given the reason we crashed could just as well be a connection issue, and attempting to restart over the same connection would lead to further failures.
```
